[DEPRECATE] Graphic Renderer in the Documentation (#1154)
leapmotion/UnityModules: docs/content/600-Deprecated-Modules.md

  The examples in this module demonstrate scripts in Core that have been deprecated and removed in a future Core release, since most of their functionalities have been superseded by more recent Modules or Core features.

[detection-utilities]: https://developer.leapmotion.com/releases/detection-examples-104 "(Deprecated) Detection Utilities"

- [Graphic Renderer 0.1.3][graphic-renderer]

>   The Graphic Renderer was deprecated in 4.6.0 because its primary function (drawcall batching) is not necessary on desktop-class GPUs (our primary supported platform), and Unity updates since its initial release have incrementally subsumed or broken underlying functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The Graphic Renderer was deprecated in 4.6.0 because its primary function (draw-call batching) is not necessary on desktop-class GPUs, which is currently our primary supported platform. Additionally, other tools for mobile UI optimization have matured since its inception, and Unity updates since its initial release have incrementally subsumed or broken its underlying functionality.
```
